The MultimodalGrahics R package and documentation will be available from the Bioconductor project: http://www.bioconductor.org. 
MultimodalGraphic is implemented as an R package in an object-oriented way (as S4 classes). The main classes include:
Maingraph: Representation of the main graphical component. The class processes multiple data types and provides methods for drawing graphical components including annotations and legends.
Multimodalfusion: Representation of a list of the Maingraph outputs. The class adjusts graphical settings for the list of graphics generated by the Maingraph, creates the layout and provides methods for drawing the main graphical components. 
MultimodalAnnotation: graphical annotations and decorations facilitate for further customization and clarification or contextual enrichments of the overall graphic. 
TwoDgrid: to represent the finding of a huge spreadsheet data in a single grid. The example plot generated using the “TwoDgrid” class shows the results from 20 flat file datasets (each with a dimension of 45000 by 10). This graph shows a wealth of information for each data as well as relations (similarity and difference) across datasets (brain regions at each timepoint).
ScatteredPlot: to customizable scatter plot for multiple datasets on a single plot. It provides the user to customize a wide range of arguments (colors, cut offs, positions) and can be used to generate scatter plots from any number of datasets (different cohorts, timepoints, and/or sources in general).

There is no limitation for the number of data types, amount and order of graphics and annotations except legibility and the space in the graphical canvas.
